[Shorthand Preview](https://preview.shorthand.com/qz3sSbb57sIUyXWH)

### My approach to identifying representative individuals to interview
I have reached out to 3 individual with completely different background. I know that people may not understand what my content is about as they might not have contact with F1 at all, but that's exactly the reason why I would make the interview. Thus, I went through the questions below to see if they can 1. figure out what my topic is, 2. correctly indentify the audience, and 3. what I had overlooked for this topic.

### User research and interviews
Q1: Could you identify the audience for this wireframe?<br />
Q2: If you were a F1 talent scout, will you think this wireframe be helpful?<br />
Q3: What are the things that you felt to be confused? <br />
Q4: What other aesthetic aspects do you think I can further improve?<br />
Q5: What other information do you think as a F1 scout will be helpful to cover in this story?<br />

Interviewee  | Feedback
------------- | -------------
Student, 20' | A1: Could be F1 fans, people who first knew about F1, or investors.<br />A2: Generally helpful. However, given that I'm already a scout, I might not need those basic knowledge about F1.<br />A3: The streamchart was impressive, but the colors could be more distinct so that people could get the idea of what you wanted to emphasize.<br />A4: Generally good.<br />A5: Salary is always the greatest motivation. Tell your audience the wages in the drivers' introduction part.
Professor, 50' | A1: The title gives a clear clue - that is the scouts.<br />A2: It is good in general. However, I'd like to know get more information from my boss. Things like where I'm working, and the nationality of the team that I work for are powerful elements that could influence my decisions.<br />A3: I can't understand the part where you say "getting 40 points for a super license." Giving me a chart may help me quickly get this idea. You might want to show a pyramid-like structure where the bottom has those low-score opportunities and the tip has all the high-points matches.<br />A4: It's cool to have this dark background, but you need to make sure people won't throw up after looking for the white text on the top of it for 10 minutes.<br />A5: As as scout, I need to have quantitative data to help me pick out the best kid among thousands of others. Give me some meters or standards that I can use to compare things in my real life while I'm seeking talents. For example, how good is good for a go-kart driver? How fast was the potentially fastest lap? How much did they spend on their karts? Does it have a solid relationship with their positions?
A group of students, mid 20' | A1: You have told us in the title that your audience are those scouts for the F1 teams. For me as a new guy to F1, I could still understand your content, which is good.<br />A2: Given that you have enough information yet, I'll say not as much helpful. But your outline looks informative for me. So, I believe it will be helpful once it's done.<br />A3: I don't know what would be the reason you put all game types that a kid would go through before F1. I assume I have already knew this as a professional scout. Just focus more on the concerns a scout might have.<br />A4: The global map. You have divided the chart by 6 continents, which somehow makes sense but you could let the scouts decide where they want to go by giving them a zoomable or interactive map.<br />A5: I'd like to know more about the relationship between locations and the cost for doing F1 in that location.
